Add .error class to block Edit (#7139)
plone/volto: docs/source/blocks/block-style-wrapper.md

```
Then it's at your discretion how you define the CSS class names in your theme.

## Error class for blocks

> When a block has a validation error (for example, via `blocksErrors`), the block wrapper automatically receives the `error` class in edit mode. This allows you to easily customize the appearance of blocks with errors via CSS, for example:

Reviewer: Please use one sentence per line.

```suggestion
When a user submits data in a form, and the block has a validation error (for example, via `blocksErrors`), then the block wrapper automatically receives the `error` class.
This allows you to customize the appearance of blocks with errors via CSS, as in the following example.
```
